Thank you very much. I have a question about being an appropriate vessel for inner Tantra
in Dzogchen teachings. So it seems like so many times during these teachings you've emphasized
very carefully following exactly the lineage instructions. And in that context, if we look
larger in the world, especially with meditation happening in a lot of new places, like the
mindfulness movement and things like this, sometimes there's an approach where if you
have mindfulness and then you relax, then that's Dzogchen and you can skip this whole
Tantra apart. Like Vajrayana, you can skip. So would you please comment on what that is?
These kind of things happen throughout the centuries in ancient Tantra too. And when
Buddhism came to Tibet, definitely those things happened. And now it's happening. I can't
really exactly make comments, but according to teaching, according to the lineage instruction,
teaching should not change. There's no like 21st teaching, 20th century teaching, 19th
century teaching, 18th century teachings. Teachings should be the same teaching. Because
the water is never changed. 19th century water, like 17th century water, 18th century water,
19th century water, 20th century water, and 24th century water. Water remains the same
as FFP. That is pure water. And we started changing the water, what that water we call
Ramayana. Is it diluted or polluted? Artificial. That's not organic water. So therefore, consulting
can create all those different things. But what I follow, what I see is that nature,
nature is natural. It benefited to the beings and the ancient times, or the beginning of
the century, and the older centuries, exactly the same. But we try to change these and the
things. I will say it's not exactly what the Buddha taught, or the Virabhama sama taught.
Then Popo can do that. It's everything. It's freedom. And now, too, in the ancient time,
you read life story, history. There are so many things that can happen. And in the time
of Atisha, in the Tibetan, the Buddhism came, and it is destroyed by the great, great son
of Chisong Deppi. And all the systems broke in all that. There are so many, kind of like,
these new things that I did came, and Buddhism is very different. But in the teachings, that's
why Atisha came, and it is strengthened and incorrect. Atisha is one of the really instrumentals
to help them there. So that is my answer, and I can say more than that.
Okay, thank you, everyone.